AWS support plan pricing.  So when we started our account,  we were under the basic support, which is free,  but we have four different plans we can choose from.  And based on how much we spend,  we qualify for different plans.  And so at the exam, you're expected to know the differences  between this plan and choose the right one  based on the use case that is proposed to you.  The basic support plan is free,  and you get customer service and community.  So you have 24 access to the customer service,  the documentation, the white papers, and the support forums.  For Trusted Advisor, we only get access  to the seven core checks.  And this was not gonna be a lot,  but this is what we get from the basic plan  as well as the personal health dashboard,  which we saw before, which gives us a personalized view  of the health of our services  and give us alerts when our resources  are going to be impacted.  So this is just basic,  but say you wanted to upgrade,  you could upgrade to the next plan,  which is called the developer plan.  So you get everything from the basic plan obviously,  and then you get business hours email access  to Cloud Support Associates.  So now you can start emailing AWS  through opening support tickets in the console.  You can have unlimited cases and unlimited contacts.  Based on the case severity,  you get different response times.  So if you're looking for general guidance,  hopefully, it will give you a response  between within 24 business hours.  If the system is impaired,  something is not working in your account,  they hope to give you a response within 12 business hours.  So this is good when you're developing on AWS,  but as soon as you plan to have production workloads,  so workloads that are going to be supporting  your main business, then you need to make sure  to have a business support plan.  So the business support plan will give you the full set  of checks for Trusted Advisor as well as API access.  You will have twenty four seven phone, email,  and chat access to Cloud Support Engineers.  So you're definitely upgraded here,  and you have unlimited cases and unlimited contacts.  You will also get access  to infrastructure event management for an additional fee.  And now for the case severity,  you have the general guidance, the system impaired,  but you also get the production system impaired,  which is going to give you a response time  of less than four hours or a production system down,  so when this is not working at all,  we have a support time of less than one hour.  So definitely if you plan on getting some phone support  or need to have some production support  when it is impaired or down,  you will have to use the business support plan.  So next we have the AWS enterprise on-ramp support plan.  So it's 24/7, and it's intended whenever you have production  or business critical workloads.  So you get everything from the business plan,  plus access to a pool of technical account managers.  So you have multiple ones from a pool,  a concierge support team, which is going to give you billing  and account best practices,  as well as some operations reviews,  so you're going to get infrastructure event management,  well-architected and operations review given to you.  In terms of severity and response times,  you're going to get the same as before.  But for a production system that is impaired,  it's less than four hours.  And for a production system down, it is less than one hour.  And for a business critical system down,  it's less than 30 minutes,  which is different from the enterprise support plan,  which is not on ramp.  Okay, so this one is for mission critical workloads.  You get everything from before  plus a designated technical account manager.  So this time, the time is designated for your accounts.  You still get the support team,  you still get the reviews,  and you have access to AWS incident detection  and response for an additional fee.  And that can come up at the exam.  And for the response times,  it's four hours for impaired, one hour for down.  But most importantly,  if it's a business critical system down,  it is not 30 minutes anymore, it is less than 15 minutes,  which is why you would pay extra  for the enterprise support plan.